# Ryan David Moon## ProfileGlasses wearing, innovative problem solver, who enjoys automation, the command line, and tab completion, whenever possible.## Experience### Sr IT Engineer / Advanced Systems Group at YouTube Space LA / Playa Vista, CA / Oct 2013 - Current- Responsible for creating an infrastructure workflow at the YouTube Space LA and YouTube Space NY to better suit the needs of YouTube creators, as the Space saw over 700 different creators using the Post facilities last year, utilizing open source tools such as chef, imagr, and munki.- Responsible for managing 900 TB of StorNext based storage, in both Los Angeles and New York.- Operating as the Sr IT Engineer for Los Angeles and remotely for the New York YouTube Space.### IT Director / AV Squad / Los Angeles, CA / Feb 2010 - Oct 2013- Designed and implemented IT solutions for a company of 80 employees.- Worked with the MPAA to ensure that AV Squad met security standards and practices for handling pre-release footage.- Designed and built the network infrastructure with storage over 300TB from the ground up.- In 2011, spearheaded a seamless physical relocation of the entire company over a 3 day period, with no stoppage of work.### IT Director /  Crew Creative Advertising / Los Angeles, CA / Feb 2006 - Nov 2009- Responsible for design of the network and computing needs for a fast growing advertising company.- Created an infrastructure for the company, encompassing their mail, DNS, backup and file sharing needs, as well as creating an IT Department.- Managed a staff of 3 individuals, 200+ computers and 150+ users in a 97% Mac Environment.- Moved the company 3 times.### Mac Genius / Apple Computer / Los Angeles, CA / Oct. 2004 - Feb. 2006- Performed hardware and software support, diagnostics and repair for all Apple products.- Functioned as a Systems Administrator for the Genius department, ranging from server deployment, to servicing the department’s internal-use hardware and workstations.## Education- Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI – Bachelor of Arts, Telecommunication, 2000    - Ran the Audio Production Studio for 6 semesters.## Skills / Operational Experience- Automation: `chef` `imagr` `munki` `DeployStudio` `JAMF`- Networking Hardware: `Cisco` `HP` `SonicWall` `QLogic`- Operating Systems: `Mac OS X` `Ubuntu/Debian` `Red Hat/Centos`- Programming Languages: `Shell/Bash` `Ruby`- Services: `DNS` `DHCP` `TCP/IP` `Open Directory/LDAP` `AFP/SMB/CIFS/NFS` `curl/wget`- Storage Hardware: `NetApp` `Promise` `Active` `Apple`- Storage Systems: `Quantum StorNext` `Xsan`